access reviews to v1 - using doc stub generator (#12207)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/accessreviewschedulesettings.md

---
title: "accessReviewScheduleSettings resource type"

> description: "In the Azure AD access reviews feature, the `accessReviewScheduleSettings` represents the settings associated with an access review series."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents the settings associated with an access review series."
```

author: "isabelleatmsft"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# accessReviewScheduleSettings resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

The **accessReviewScheduleSettings** defines the settings of an [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). 

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|applyActions|[accessReviewApplyAction](../resources/accessreviewapplyaction.md) collection|Describes the  actions to take once a review is complete. There are two types supported: `removeAccessApplyAction` (default) and `disableAndDeleteUserApplyAction`. Field only needs to be specified in the case of `disableAndDeleteUserApplyAction`. |

> |autoApplyDecisionsEnabled|Boolean|If true, decisions will be auto-applied to the reviewed resource after the review ends.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|autoApplyDecisionsEnabled|Boolean|If true, decisions are automatically applied to the reviewed resource after the review ends.|
```

> |defaultDecision|String|Decision chosen if `defaultDecisionEnabled` is enabled. Can be one of "Approve", "Deny", or "Recommendation".|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|defaultDecision|String|Decision chosen if `defaultDecisionEnabled` is enabled. Possible values: "Approve", "Deny", or "Recommendation".|
```

| defaultDecisionEnabled|Boolean | Indicates whether the default decision is enabled or disabled when reviewers do not respond. Default value is `false`. |

> | defaultDecision|String | Decision chosen if `defaultDecisionEnabled` is enabled. Can be one of `Approve`, `Deny`, or `Recommendation`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| defaultDecision|String | Decision chosen if **defaultDecisionEnabled** is `true`. Can be one of `Approve`, `Deny`, or `Recommendation`. |
```

> |defaultDecisionEnabled|Boolean| If true, defaultDecision will be taken on decisions items where reviewers did not respond.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|defaultDecisionEnabled|Boolean| If true, defaultDecision is taken on decisions items where reviewers did not respond.|
```

> | instanceDurationInDays|Int32 | Duration of each recurrence of review (`accessReviewInstance`) in number of days. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| instanceDurationInDays|Int32 | Duration of each recurrence of review (**accessReviewInstance**) in number of days. |
```

> |mailNotificationsEnabled|Boolean|If true, email notifications will be sent to reviewers.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|mailNotificationsEnabled|Boolean|If true, email notifications are sent to reviewers.|
```

> |recommendationsEnabled|Boolean|If true, reviewers will see recommendations based on last interactive sign-in.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|recommendationsEnabled|Boolean|If true, reviewers see recommendations based on last interactive sign-in.|
```

> |recurrence|[patternedRecurrence](../resources/patternedrecurrence.md)|Detailed settings for recurrence. Using standard Outlook recurrence object. Note that `dayOfMonth` is not supported - use property startDate on recurrenceRange to determine the day the review will start on.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|recurrence|[patternedRecurrence](../resources/patternedrecurrence.md)|Detailed settings for recurrence. Using standard Outlook recurrence object. The `dayOfMonth`  value is not supported. Use the property startDate on recurrenceRange to determine the day the review starts.|
```

> |reminderNotificationsEnabled|Boolean|If true, reviewers will receive reminder emails halfway through the review period.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|reminderNotificationsEnabled|Boolean|If true, reviewers receive reminder emails halfway through the review period.|
```

> | recommendationsEnabled|Boolean | Indicates whether decision recommendations are enabled/disabled. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| recommendationsEnabled|Boolean | Indicates whether decision recommendations are enabled or disabled. |
```
